Why didn't you two stop him?
Hai Ge
Do you think there is any chance that the two of us will stop him?
Exactly.
We got beat up by him.
It's nothing.
But since he took the initiative to deliver the money to us
And you let him win?
Do you think I want him to win?
I'm not fucking sick, it's almost 500
The person who can win
Prove that he must be out of heaven
Damn, this kid dares to cheat
Rules of attendance
Money must be chopped
It's easy
OK
past
He chopped it raw
Get the money back by the way
At least you dare to lie
Watch me burn down your mahjong parlor
Who is it?
Hey!
Joy oh why did you come to town to sit
Hey, are you thirsty?
I'll go get you a drink
What about Li Xiaolin?
That's a long story.
Then you make a long story short
That's getting divorced in the morning
And they beat us up.
Then came here again, won the money and left
Gone, not kidnapped by you
That's not possible.
We never do that kind of illegal thing.
Thanks for your answer.
Hey
No, you're welcome, our real-world friends, you're gone.